The reloaded*.ko modules are from fonz ffp-reloaded-0.5-2,
http://www.inreto.de/dns323/ffp-reloaded/packages/ffp-reloaded-0.5-2.tgz

How to install:

1-If you don't have ffp or a fun_plug file in your box root directory, then
	just download alt-f.tar and fun_plug into your box root directory,
	make sure that fun_plug has execution permission and reboot.
	This will only work for one reboot; if you want to try again, you must
	set the execution permissions of fun_plug again.
	This is deliberate, you can override it by editing fun_plug and commenting
	the line on top that says ONCE. Without this, if there were any problem,
	then your box would reboot endlessly!

2-If you have a fun_plug file, but don't have ffp, than save your current
	fun_plug file, and proceed as in 1 above.

3-If you have ffp,
	3-a) Just want to try alf-t once in a while:
		download alt-f.tar and fun_plug, rename run_plug to, e.g, alt-f.sh,
		put them in your box root directory, and call alt-f.sh from the shell.
		Your ffp directory, if found in the root directory, will be recognized
		and used by alt-f. The ffp init script will be executed at "reload",
		but you should disable all non needed ffp init scripts, and only keep
		those that provide services that alt-f don't have.
		Alt-F binaries have precedence over others.

	3-b) You want to always use it:
		Proceed and in 2), but read 3-a) above.

4-You want to replace the stock firmware:
	download alt-f-0-1B1.bin and use the Alt-F firmware upgrade web page to
	flash it. You can't flash Alt-F with the vendor firmware. This is deliberate.
	Alt-F firmware upgrade web page can flash the vendor supplied firmware, so
	you can always do a "downgrade". DLink 1.07 and 1.08, as well as Conceptronic
	1.05b5 firmware was flashed this way *** ON A REV-B1 BOARD ***
	OF COURSE THIS IS DANGEROUS, AND CAN TURN YOUR BOX INTO AN EXPENSIVE BLACK
	BRICK IN YOUR DESKTOP. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.

How to use:

What will be the box IP?

When Alt-F boots, it search:
1-First for its own settings in flash, and use them; you should do a "Save
	Settings" from the web page when you made any change that you want
	to preserve across reboots. Alt-F and the vendors defaults can coexist in
	flash while there is space available;
2-If not found, it will use one of the vendors default file, and use the IP
	specified there;
3-If not found, it will try to use DHCP, you can consult your router web page
	to find what IP was assigned;
4-If no DHCP server is available, Alt-F will use the first free IP in the
	192.168.1.254 until 192.168.1.240 range.

So, after the first boot, your box will have the IP it already had. In the "worst" scenario, the box IP will be 192.168.1.240, but this is very unlikely.
After the first "save settings", it will have the IP specified in the "Host Setup" page.

What happens at boot time?

During boot, Alt-F will mount all the disks filesystems in the directory
/mnt/<name>, where <name> can be either the disk/partition name, as in /mnt/sda3, or a filesystem label, such as /mnt/Backups. You can set a filesystem label using
the program "plabel" (not for NTFS).
Ext2/3/4/VFAT/NTFS/ISO9660 filesystems are recognized, either using the internal disks or in external USB pens or disks.
Also linear and RAID-0/1/5 (using an external USB disk) are recognized, but RAID filesystems created by the vendor firmware are not automatically mounted,
only assembled (otherwise the vendor firmware will not recognize it as RAID at the next boot). You can however manually mount and use them.

When mounting filesystems, Alt-F will look for a "ffp" directory in the filesystem root, and if found it is used, with a "ffp" link being created at the root.
Using the "Package Manager" web page you can install, update or remove ffp
packages. Thanks fonz!

USB attached printers will also be recognized, and a rudimentary lpd spooler used for them. They can also be used with samba.

Disks will, by default, be set to sleep after one hour of inactivity; when this happens, the corresponding orange led will slowly flash.
If you keep the box front button pressed for more than 3 seconds, the right led
will start flashing, and if you release the button while its flashing an ordered
reboot will be done; if keep pressed by three more seconds, the right led will
start flashing, and if the button is then released, the box will do an ordered
shutdown.
The leds will be steady orange when a RAID device is degraded, and will flash in 
orange during resync or rebuild.
Internal or external disks can be hot-removed after being "ejected" using the
"eject" command (or web page).

After some more boot details, httpd, telnet, ssh, ftp, rsync, swat, and lpd are
setup and ready to use.
The login web page will prompt for a new password, that wil be the root password
until you login and change it with the "passwd" command (the web page password it not changed by this command).
So, you can login with telnet and no password, or login with ssh after setting
the web page password. If you don't save settings, on each reboot a new RSA/DSA
key pair is generated, and your ssh client will complain.

With the web pages, which are very crude and rude, you can do most of the
administrative tasks.
One of the most likely causes for failures in the web pages are spaces in
filenames and browser caching. Please send a report and a patch.

